hi friends from youtube his friend andrés
white with a new tutorial this time
how to install an updated cell phone
for the one who has good cj first that
all you have to enter in gta inside
puntocom after being there we go to
down to a part where it says gta san
andreas and below we go to a part
that says good skins then we wait for
that loads and after we are here
let's go here
then choose the one that you want me
in my case I will take out the samsung galaxy cs3
we give it to you in download and then we give it in
where it appears as a link so that
be unloaded at once
give you here on the link and it will start
download I do not do this because I
I already have it right now I'll look it up in
my downloads
well that was not the history and
I have some things that xdddd good this
if it is look when they download it
will appear a zip file delete in this
case in the fib they will appear this what
extract to the desktop or your folder
favorite
ready look here I have my folder
now we have to open the gm
we wait for it to open
well here we will appear this we are going to
where says weapons and we search for fail
well we click on where it says that
puts and on top of the big and ugly phone
we give you right click and we give you manual
instant mode jr
and these two bars will appear for us
write we give in df and we go to the
folder where they kept the two files
and they choose the ff file then they do
the same with the other remember that you
You have to click here to get us
go to the folder to select good
already done this will already have our new
cellular let's look at it
It's cool as you can see now
we go with my friend Juan so that they
show how it looks xd
to drawer reporting good as they can
see look at the cell phone is cool
hahaha thank you andrés I needed
right now I start to connect in
facebook twitter and other networks
social right now I subscribe to your
youtube channel andrés hahaha something here
well connected hahaha good to cascon
saying goodbye until the next hahaha
I hope you liked it hahaha and me
friend juan liked real tough aja bueno
I hope you serve this tuto remember
subscribe rate and comment boss
until next time